what's up everybody is your boy wings of
redemption and I'm back and I'm bringing
your eye something special like you know
I thought you can say audio commentary
didn't you how bringing you something
special this is a special guest I've
been but trying all I've been trying for
years to get this guy horn for dual
commentary and it's just something I we
just never could together we can never
get our schedules together we never
could do anything I mean are you excited
to hear I mean this guy is so special
that I didn't even want to put his name
in the title you've got to see it to
believe it that I actually got this guy
in the video you might be laying wings
come on you I'm on the edge of my seat
who the hell is this let me go and let
you introduce myself this is where my
best friends his name's Harold here he
goes Harold why don't you say hello yea
big I was big i was playing what's up
you know i know you have a busy field
eating grass know every day and you
gotta call he's got it I got that farmer
trying to trying to take you out take
you off the grind what are some of the
things you like to do in your free time
you like to do you like to go after the
cows what does a bull do what what does
it will do with his free time oh so you
do be smashing them cows that's what's
up that's what's up you got you got to
keep the race going I mean how does
count pussy feel you know acquire minds
want to know you know what time I'm
painkiller already I actually picked a
female cow to beat my weapon of choice
if I had to actually date outside the
species would you say that was a good
pick okk playboy ain't gotta get mad at
me I'm not trying to hit on your
girlfriend or anything I still I still
like the whole and not the pole over in
this place over here i'ma stay inside my
species right now for now you know what
what is your busy schedule and tell like
what do you what's on the game plan for
today where's how are going today is he
doing big big things like you got a
record contract yet I mean what what
place did what I'm sorry I'm stuttering
so badly I'm just so
cited actually gives a dual comm with
you I mean you're hard person to get
ahold of seeing as you know everybody
wants you dead and you taste like steak
at what is that what is that Harold oh I
see you got a lady friend with you so
I'm sorry I won't try to take up too
much more of your time just just a
couple things I want to ask right before
you right before you go because I know
you're a busy busy man how do you feel
about people kicking you in the balls at
a rodeo do you enjoy that no no okay
that's a good answer i mean i don't like
I don't enjoy get kicked in the balls
either I always thought that was kind of
improper I mean but it's just there's a
couple more questions um would you eat a
hamburger and what do you think of
clowns okay so no comment from Harold I
mean I guess he's giving me a bad look
at me right now you know accusing the
cannibals and all but huh you know it's
been the Bissman Harold the bull he's
been up here big hard guest to get
hopefully he comes in and kicks it with
us a little bit longer gameplay the day
goes by killer tank if you want to check
out a description the video below you
got anything else you want to say Harold
before we leave oh well it looks like
Harold's a little busy with Ben you're
bored wings of redemption if you could
please leave a like or a rating of
whatever you feel is that your deserves
and as always i'm adding 5000 boobs